1.Question 1
A hotel chain has outdated WiFi routers in their guest rooms. An attacker hacked into the devices and stole sensitive information from several guests.
The outdated WiFi router is an example of what?

Answer: A vulnerability

2.Question 2
What security strategy uses a layered approach to prevent attackers from gaining access to sensitive data?

Answer: Defense in depth

3.Question 3
An organization’s firewall is configured to allow traffic only from authorized IP addresses. Which layer of the defense in depth model is the firewall associated with?

Answer: Network

4.Question 4
Which of the following are criteria that a vulnerability must meet to qualify for a CVE® ID? Select all that apply.

Answer: It must be submitted with supporting evidence, it must be independent of other issues, and it must be recognized as a potential security risk.

5.Question 5
Which of the following are characteristics of the vulnerability management process? Select two answers.

Answer: Vulnerability management is a way to limit security risks, and vulnerability management should consider various perspectives.

6.Question 6
What is the main goal of performing a vulnerability assessment?

Answer: To identify weaknesses and prevent attacks

7.Question 7
Fill in the blank: All the potential vulnerabilities that a threat actor could exploit is called an attack _____.

Answer: Surface

8.Question 8
Fill in the blank: An attack _____ refers to the pathways attackers use to penetrate security defenses.

Answer: Vector

9.Question 9
A security team is performing a vulnerability assessment on a banking app that is about to be released. Their objective is to identify the tools and methods that an attacker might use.
Which steps of an attacker mindset should the team perform to figure this out? Select three answers.

Answer: Determine how the target can be accessed, evaluate attack vectors that can be exploited, and identify a target.

10.Question 10
Consider the following scenario:
You are working as a security professional for a school district. An application developer with the school district created an app that connects students to educational resources. You’ve been assigned to evaluate the security of the app.
Using an attacker mindset, which of the following steps would you take to evaluate the application?26 Select two answers.

Answer: Identify the types of users who will interact with the app, and evaluate how the app handles user data.