Question 1
What are the purposes of performing a patch update for security hardening? Select all that apply.

Answer: Upgrading an operating system to the latest software version and Fixing known security vulnerabilities in a network or services.

Question 2
When performing security hardening, what is the goal with regards to the attack surface?

Answer: Reduce the attack surface.

Question 3
Fill in the blank: Requiring employees to turn off their personal devices while in secure areas is an example of a _____ security hardening practice.

Answer: physical.

Question 4
An organization’s in-house security team has been authorized to simulate an attack on the organization’s website. The objective is to identify any vulnerabilities that are present. What does this scenario describe?

Answer: Penetration testing.

Question 5
What are some methods for hardening operating systems? Select three answers.

Answer: Keeping an up-to-date list of authorized users, Configuring a device setting to fit a secure encryption standard, and Removing unused software to limit unnecessary vulnerabilities.

Question 6
A security analyst reviews documentation about a firewall rule that includes a list of allowed and disallowed network ports. They compare it to the current firewall to ensure no changes have been made. What does this scenario describe?

Answer: Checking baseline configuration.

Question 7
Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is an example of which type of hardening practice?

Answer: Network hardening.

Question 8
Which of the following statements accurately describes port filtering?

Answer: A firewall function that blocks or allows certain port numbers in order to limit unwanted network traffic.

Question 9
Fill in the blank: Security analysts use ____ to create isolated subnets for different departments in an organization.

Answer: network segmentation.

Question 10
Fill in the blank: A ____ is a collection of servers or computers that stores resources and data in remote data centers that can be accessed via the internet.

Answer: cloud network.
