1. Question 1
What are the three types of errors you will encounter while debugging?

Answer: Syntax errors, logic errors, and exceptions

2. Question 2
The purpose of the following code is to print the numbers from 0 to 9. Run this code, analyze its output, and then debug it.

Answer: Add a missing colon (:)

3. Question 3
The purpose of this code is to greet a user by their first name when they log in. Run this code, analyze its output, and debug it.

Answer: Remove the quotation marks surrounding the argument "first_name" when calling welcome_user()

4. Question 4
You did not assign a value to a variable before using it in a conditional statement. What type of error is this?

Answer: Logic error

5. Question 5
When debugging code, what are effective ways to determine which sections of code are working properly? Select all that apply.

Answer: Use a debugger, Add print statements

6. Question 6
If you want to read a file called "logs.txt", which line of code allows you to open this file for purposes of reading it and store it in a variable called file?

Answer: with open("logs.txt", "r") as file:

7. Question 7
You’ve read a log file into the variable file_text. The file_text variable contains a string of 50 usernames of employees at your company. How do you convert this string into a list and store it in a variable usernames?

Answer: usernames = file_text.split()

8. Question 8
What is the process of converting data into a more readable format?

Answer: Parsing

9. Question 9
After you’ve opened a log file as file, which line of code will help you read the file into a variable called text?

Answer: text = file.read()

10. Question 10
You want to check if a device is running a particular operating system that needs updates. What would be part of your code?

Answer: A split() function to split the string containing the information in the log file into a devices list, A for loop to iterate through all items in the devices list, An if statement that checks if elements in devices contain the substring "i71"