Here are the questions on this page and their answers:

1. Question 1
What is the purpose of a security framework?

ANS: Build plans to help mitigate risks and threats to data and privacy
2. Question 2
Fill in the blank: An employee using multi-factor authentication to verify their identity is an example of the _____ process.

ANS: Authentication

3. Question 3
What type of social engineering attack attempts to exploit biometrics?

ANS: Vishing

4. Question 4
You work as a security analyst at a bank and need to ensure that customers can access their account information. Which core principle of the CIA triad are you using to confirm their data is accessible to them?

ANS: Availability

5. Question 5
Which of the following statements accurately describe the CSF? Select all that apply.

ANS: 
- The protect function of the CSF involves implementing policies, procedures, training, and tools to mitigate threats.
- The CSF is a voluntary framework that consists of standards, guidelines, and best practices to manage cybersecurity risk.

6. Question 6
A security team considers how to avoid unnecessarily complicated solutions when implementing security controls. Which OWASP principle does this scenario describe?

ANS: Keep security simple

7. Question 7
What are some of the primary objectives of an internal security audit? Select all that apply.

ANS: 
- Help security teams identify organizational risk
- Avoid fines due to a lack of compliance
- Determine what needs to be improved in order to achieve the desired security posture

8. Question 8
Fill in the blank: In an internal security audit, _____ involves identifying potential threats, risks, and vulnerabilities in order to decide what security measures should be implemented.

ANS: Conducting a risk assessment

9. Question 9
A security analyst performs an internal security audit. They focus on the human component of cybersecurity, such as the policies and procedures that define how their company manages data. What are they working to establish?

ANS: Administrative controls

10. Question 10
What information is typically communicated to stakeholders after completion of an internal security audit? Select three answers.

ANS: 
- A list of existing risks
- Results and recommendations
- A summary of the scope

