Question 1
Which of the following statements accurately describe playbooks? Select three answers.

Answer : A playbook improves efficiency when identifying and mitigating an incident.
         A playbook is an essential tool used in cybersecurity.
         A playbook can be used to respond to an incident.

Question 2
A security team is considering what they learned during past security incidents. They also discuss ways to improve their security posture and refine response strategies for future incidents. What is the security team’s goal in this scenario?

Answer : Update a playbook

Question 3
Fill in the blank: Incident response is an organization’s quick attempt to _____ an attack, contain the damage, and correct its effects.

Answer : identify

Question 4
An organization has successfully responded to a security incident. According to their established standards, the organization must share information about the incident to a specific government agency. What phase of an incident response playbook does this scenario describe?

Answer : Coordination

Question 5
Why is the containment phase of an incident response playbook a high priority for organizations?

Answer : It helps prevent ongoing risks to critical assets and data.

Question 6
Fill in the blank: During the _____ phase, security teams may conduct a full-scale analysis to determine the root cause of an incident and use what they learn to improve the company’s overall security posture.

Answer : post-incident activity

Question 7
A security analyst wants to set the foundation for successful incident response. They outline roles and responsibilities of each security team member. What phase of an incident response playbook does this scenario describe?

Answer : Preparation

Question 8
In what ways do SIEM tools and playbooks help security teams respond to an incident? Select all that apply.

Answer : SIEM tools alert the security team to potential problems.
         SIEM tools detect threats.
         SIEM tools and playbooks work together to provide a structured way of responding to incidents.
