1. Question 1
A security analyst queries a database related to security patches. How can SQL help this analyst with their work?

Answer: The analyst can efficiently find the data they need.

2. Question 2
Fill in the blank: A column in which every row has a unique entry and which is used to identify a table is called a _____.

Answer: primary key

3. Question 3
Which of these SQL statements queries the employees table? Select all that apply.

Answer: SELECT * FROM employees; and SELECT employee_id, device_id FROM employees WHERE employee_id > 1100;

4. Question 4
Both an employees table and a machines table contain an employee_id column, and you want to return only the records that share a value in this column. Which keyword should be part of your query?

Answer: INNER JOIN

5. Question 5
A security professional uses SQL to return records from a table and applies a filter to the query. Which of the following keywords would they need to use in their query? Select all that apply.

Answer: FROM and WHERE

6. Question 6
You work with a table that has one column for name. Some of these names have prefixes. You want to identify all of the doctors. Which query will return every name that starts with the prefix 'Dr.'?

Answer: WHERE name LIKE ‘Dr.%’;

7. Question 7
You need to perform a SQL join. You want to return all the columns with records matching on the device_id column between the employees and machines tables. You also want to return all records from the employees table. Which of the following queries would you use?

Answer: SELECT * FROM employees LEFT JOIN machines ON employees.device_id = machines.device_id;

8. Question 8
You are working with the Chinook database. You want to return the company and country columns from the customers table. In what country is JetBrains s.r.o. located?

Answer: Czech Republic

9. Question 9
You are working with the Chinook database and are responsible for filtering for the employees with a birthdate that is on or after '1973-01-01' (January 1, 1973). How many employees were born on or after January 1, 1973?

Answer: 3

10. Question 10
You are working with the Chinook database and are responsible for filtering for the customers that live in the city of 'Mountain View' and work for the company of 'Google Inc.' How many customers live in Mountain View and work for Google Inc.?

Answer: 1
