Question 1
Which of the following statements accurately describe operating systems? Select all that apply.

Answer: Computers, smartphones, and tablets all have operating systems. Operating systems are responsible for making computers run efficiently. Operating systems are the interfaces between computer hardware and user.

Question 2
Which of the following operating systems were designed to run on desktop and laptop computers? Select two answers.

Answer: macOS® and Windows.

Question 3
What does BIOS load in order to start an operating system?

Answer: The bootloader.

Question 4
Fill in the blank: When someone uses a computer application, the _____ interprets the user's requests and directs them to the appropriate components of the computer's hardware.

Answer: operating system.

Question 5
If you wanted to perform a calculation on your computer, which of these things would happen? Select three answers.

Answer: You would type in the number you wanted to calculate into the application. The application would send this request to the operating system. The hardware would determine the answer and send it back to the operating system.

Question 6
Which of the following are key types of user interfaces? Select two answers.

Answer: Graphical and command line.

Question 7
Which of the following statements correctly describe GUIs and CLIs? Select three answers.

Answer: GUI icons help users manage different tasks on a computer. A CLI uses commands to communicate with an operating system. A CLI can complete multiple tasks efficiently.

Question 8
A security team is alerted to a possible breach in their system. One analyst follows the instructions from their playbook, which include entering commands in the command line. Next, another analyst provides support by checking the commands to confirm that they were entered correctly. What does this scenario describe?

Answer: Reviewing a history file in a CLI.

Question 9
Fill in the blank: On a computer, the _____ handles resource and memory management.

Answer: operating system.
